So in my career where I see myself in five years right now, I am actually
taking a college course taking college courses. I am. My degree
is health care management. And so I have a few. I have, um, 32 course.
Yeah, 32 credits left. Um, so I see myself finishing my degree in
the next five years. I'm taking one class at a time. Um, that's because
I am a single mom. I and I am the senior enlisted leader here at
the Reserve Center. So I believe in balance. So I take I'm taking
my time with school. So I see myself getting my degree, my bachelor's
degree transitioning here from California to wherever the Navy needs
me next. And, um, long term, I see myself as master chief sh Ellery
Twitty. Um, and whatever comes with that command Master Chief. What?
We to a different area where I could continue, um, my job and my
passion, taking care of sailors and taking care of my family